## Meetings
### 2022-04-09 at 12:00
- Physical Meetup, everyone attended
- Team updates: Everyone got assigned requirements to write use cases for. Also decided 
meeting schedule and team lead.
- Tyler worked on functional requirements 1-3
- Lisa worked on functional requirements 4-6
- Phillip worked on functional requirements 7-9
- Taehun worked on functional requirements 10-12
- Summarize group progress: Overall group started to work on the use cases for each requirement
### 2022-04-14 at 11:55
- Physical Meeting, Everyone attended
- Team updates: Everyone got assigned requirements to implement for milestone 2
- Summarize group progress: Group was clear on what needs to be done. We agreed to get it done by 4/23 so we have time to debug.
### 2022-04-23 at 10:00
- Who attended the meeting
- Team updates (15min or less)
<Each team member gives an update of what they did from the last meeting and what
they plan to do next. If they are stuck, bring it up here to see if others can
help.>
- <name> worked on X. Will work on Y next.
- pair-programming (optional) (25 mins)
<- Pair program on one part of the project. Driver will be the person responsible
for that requirement.>
- Summarize group progress
### 2022-04-30 at 10:00
- Who attended the meeting
- Team updates (15min or less)
<Each team member gives an update of what they did from the last meeting and what
they plan to do next. If they are stuck, bring it up here to see if others can
help.>
- <name> worked on X. Will work on Y next.
- pair-programming (optional) (25 mins)
<- Pair program on one part of the project. Driver will be the person responsible
for that requirement.>
- Summarize group progress
### 2022-05-07 at 10:00
- Who attended the meeting
- Team updates (15min or less)
<Each team member gives an update of what they did from the last meeting and what
they plan to do next. If they are stuck, bring it up here to see if others can
help.>
- <name> worked on X. Will work on Y next.
- pair-programming (optional) (25 mins)
<- Pair program on one part of the project. Driver will be the person responsible
for that requirement.>
- Summarize group progress
### 2022-05-14 at 10:00
- Who attended the meeting
- Team updates (15min or less)
<Each team member gives an update of what they did from the last meeting and what
they plan to do next. If they are stuck, bring it up here to see if others can
help.>
- <name> worked on X. Will work on Y next.
- pair-programming (optional) (25 mins)
<- Pair program on one part of the project. Driver will be the person responsible
for that requirement.>
- Summarize group progress
